README.md, before:

# Drush Launcher

A small wrapper around Drush for your global $PATH.

## Why?

In order to avoid dependency issues, it is best to require Drush on a per-project basis via Composer (`composer require drush/drush`). This makes Drush available to your project by placing it at `vendor/bin/drush`.

However, it is inconvenient to type `vendor/bin/drush` in order to execute Drush commands.  By installing the drush launcher globally on your local machine, you can simply type `drush` on the command line, and the launcher will find and execute the project specific version of drush located in your project's `vendor` directory.

## Installation - Phar

1. Download latest stable release via CLI (code below) or browse to https://github.com/drush-ops/drush-launcher/releases/latest.

    OSX:
    ```Shell
    curl -OL https://github.com/drush-ops/drush-launcher/releases/download/0.5.0/drush.phar
    ```

    Linux:

    ```Shell
    wget -O drush.phar https://github.com/drush-ops/drush-launcher/releases/download/0.5.0/drush.phar
    ```
1. Make downloaded file executable: `chmod +x drush.phar`
1. Move drush.phar to a location listed in your `$PATH`, rename to `drush`: 

    ```Shell
    sudo mv drush.phar /usr/local/bin/drush
    ```
The Drush Launcher Phar is able to self update to the latest release.

```Shell
    drush self-update
```

## Installation - Homebrew

Mac OSX systems are welcome to use Homebrew to install - `brew install drush-launcher`. To upgrade, run `brew upgrade drush-launcher`.

## Alternatives

If you only have one codebase on your system (typical with VMs, Docker, etc,), you should add `/path/to/vendor/bin` to your $PATH. Drush9 is smart enough to find the PROJECT_ROOT and DRUPAL_ROOT when it is run from the bin directory.

## Fallback

When a site-local Drush is not found, this launcher usually throws a helpful error.
You may avoid the error and instead hand off execution to a global Drush (any version)
by doing *either* of:

1. Specify an environment variable: `DRUSH_LAUNCHER_FALLBACK=/path/to/drush`
1. Specify an option: `--fallback=/path/to/drush`

## License

GPL-2.0+

Commit message:

Fixes #38: Add composer install instructions to README.

README.md, after:

# Drush Launcher

A small wrapper around Drush for your global $PATH.

## Why?

In order to avoid dependency issues, it is best to require Drush on a per-project basis via Composer (`composer require drush/drush`). This makes Drush available to your project by placing it at `vendor/bin/drush`.

However, it is inconvenient to type `vendor/bin/drush` in order to execute Drush commands.  By installing the drush launcher globally on your local machine, you can simply type `drush` on the command line, and the launcher will find and execute the project specific version of drush located in your project's `vendor` directory.

## Installation - Phar

1. Download latest stable release via CLI (code below) or browse to https://github.com/drush-ops/drush-launcher/releases/latest.

    OSX:
    ```Shell
    curl -OL https://github.com/drush-ops/drush-launcher/releases/download/0.5.0/drush.phar
    ```

    Linux:

    ```Shell
    wget -O drush.phar https://github.com/drush-ops/drush-launcher/releases/download/0.5.0/drush.phar
    ```
1. Make downloaded file executable: `chmod +x drush.phar`
1. Move drush.phar to a location listed in your `$PATH`, rename to `drush`: 

    ```Shell
    sudo mv drush.phar /usr/local/bin/drush
    ```
The Drush Launcher Phar is able to self update to the latest release.

```Shell
    drush self-update
```

## Installation - Homebrew

Mac OSX systems are welcome to use Homebrew to install - `brew install drush-launcher`. To upgrade, run `brew upgrade drush-launcher`.

## Installation - Composer

Drush Launcher can also be installed via Composer, which can be easier on some systems, especially where Composer binaries are already on the system `$PATH`.

1. Run `composer global require drush/drush-launcher`.
1. Make sure your Composer binary directory is in your path. The best way to do this will vary slightly based on OS:
    1. On Mac, add the following line to `.bash_profile`: `export PATH="$PATH:$HOME/.composer/vendor/bin"`
    1. On Ubuntu, add the following line to `.bashrc`: `PATH="$PATH:$HOME/.config/composer/vendor/bin"`

## Alternatives

If you only have one codebase on your system (typical with VMs, Docker, etc,), you should add `/path/to/vendor/bin` to your $PATH. Drush9 is smart enough to find the PROJECT_ROOT and DRUPAL_ROOT when it is run from the bin directory.

## Fallback

When a site-local Drush is not found, this launcher usually throws a helpful error.
You may avoid the error and instead hand off execution to a global Drush (any version)
by doing *either* of:

1. Specify an environment variable: `DRUSH_LAUNCHER_FALLBACK=/path/to/drush`
1. Specify an option: `--fallback=/path/to/drush`

## License

GPL-2.0+
